Update .NET glossary (#24059)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/glossary.md

A set of libraries that comprise the System.\* (and to a limited extent Microsoft.\*) namespaces. The BCL is a general purpose, lower-level framework that higher-level application frameworks, such as ASP.NET Core, build on.

> The source code of the BCL for [.NET 5 (and .NET Core) and later versions](#net-5-and-later-versions) is contained in the [.NET runtime repository](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime). Most these BCL APIs are also available in .NET Framework, so you can think of this source code as a fork of the .NET Framework BCL source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code of the BCL for [.NET 5 (and .NET Core) and later versions](#net-5-and-later-versions) is contained in the [.NET runtime repository](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime). Most of these BCL APIs are also available in .NET Framework, so you can think of this source code as a fork of the .NET Framework BCL source code.
```

## .NET

* In general, *.NET* is the umbrella term for [.NET Standard](#net-standard) and all [.NET implementations](#implementation-of-net) and workloads.
* More specifically, .NET refers to the implementation of .NET that is recommended for all new development: [.NET 5 (and .NET Core) and later versions](#net-5-and-later-versions).

> Fo example, the first meaning is intended in phrases such as "implementations of .NET." The second meaning is intended in names such as [.NET SDK](#net-sdk) and [.NET CLI](#net-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the first meaning is intended in phrases such as "implementations of .NET." The second meaning is intended in names such as [.NET SDK](#net-sdk) and [.NET CLI](#net-cli).
```

> UWP was the first application framework supported by .NET Native. Now, we support building native console apps for Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Reviewer: I think UWP is the only place it's currently used/supported.

Author: ```suggestion
UWP is the application framework supported by .NET Native.
```
